tennis-refactoring-kata/README.md, before:

# Tennis refactoring kata

## Goals:
- Identify and remove code smells
- Practice refactors / automated refactors
- Enjoy the benefits of having a test harness

## Context
Imagine you work for a consultancy company, and one of your colleagues has been doing some work for the Tennis Society. 
The contract is for 10 hours billable work, and your colleague has spent 8.5 hours working on it.
Unfortunately he has now fallen ill. He says he has completed the work, and the tests all pass.
Your boss has asked you to take over from him.
She wants you to spend an hour or so on the code so she can bill the client for the full 10 hours.
She instructs you to tidy up the code a little and perhaps make some notes so you can give your colleague some feedback
on his chosen design. You should also prepare to talk to your boss about the value of this refactoring work, over and above the extra billable hours.

## Tennis Kata

Tennis has a rather quirky scoring system, and to newcomers it can be a little difficult to keep track of.
The tennis society has contracted you to build a scoreboard to display the current score during tennis games. 

Your task is to write a “TennisGame” class containing the logic which outputs the correct score as a string for
display on the scoreboard. When a player scores a point, it triggers a method to be called on your class letting
you know who scored the point. Later, you will get a call “score()” from the scoreboard asking what it should display.
This method should return a string with the current score.

You can read more about Tennis scores [here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tennis#Scoring) which is summarized below:

1. A game is won by the first player to have won at least four points in total and at least two points more than the opponent.
2. The running score of each game is described in a manner peculiar to tennis: scores from zero to three points are described as "Love", "Fifteen", "Thirty", and "Forty" respectively.
3. If at least three points have been scored by each player, and the scores are equal, the score is "Deuce".
4. If at least three points have been scored by each side and a player has one more point than his opponent, the score of the game is "Advantage" for the player in the lead.

You need only report the score for the current game. Sets and Matches are out of scope.

## Credits
Thanks to [Emily Bache](https://github.com/emilybache) for crafting this kata.

Commit message:

[tennis-refactoring-kata] Document how to run tests

tennis-refactoring-kata/README.md, after:

# Tennis refactoring kata

## Goals:
- Identify and remove code smells
- Practice refactors / automated refactors
- Enjoy the benefits of having a test harness

## Context
Imagine you work for a consultancy company, and one of your colleagues has been doing some work for the Tennis Society. 
The contract is for 10 hours billable work, and your colleague has spent 8.5 hours working on it.
Unfortunately he has now fallen ill. He says he has completed the work, and the tests all pass.
Your boss has asked you to take over from him.
She wants you to spend an hour or so on the code so she can bill the client for the full 10 hours.
She instructs you to tidy up the code a little and perhaps make some notes so you can give your colleague some feedback
on his chosen design. You should also prepare to talk to your boss about the value of this refactoring work, over and above the extra billable hours.

## Tennis Kata

Tennis has a rather quirky scoring system, and to newcomers it can be a little difficult to keep track of.
The tennis society has contracted you to build a scoreboard to display the current score during tennis games. 

Your task is to write a “TennisGame” class containing the logic which outputs the correct score as a string for
display on the scoreboard. When a player scores a point, it triggers a method to be called on your class letting
you know who scored the point. Later, you will get a call “score()” from the scoreboard asking what it should display.
This method should return a string with the current score.

You can read more about Tennis scores [here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tennis#Scoring) which is summarized below:

1. A game is won by the first player to have won at least four points in total and at least two points more than the opponent.
2. The running score of each game is described in a manner peculiar to tennis: scores from zero to three points are described as "Love", "Fifteen", "Thirty", and "Forty" respectively.
3. If at least three points have been scored by each player, and the scores are equal, the score is "Deuce".
4. If at least three points have been scored by each side and a player has one more point than his opponent, the score of the game is "Advantage" for the player in the lead.

You need only report the score for the current game. Sets and Matches are out of scope.

## How to run the tests
### With Docker
Run `make docker-test`

### Without Docker
1. `make build`
2. `make test`

## Credits
Thanks to [Emily Bache](https://github.com/emilybache) for crafting this kata.
